ServiceExport changes for Globalnet (#449)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/getting-started/architecture/globalnet/_index.en.md

```globalnet-cidr``` passed to ```subctl join``` command. If Globalnet is not enabled in the Broker or if a GlobalCIDR is preconfigured in
the cluster, the supplied globalnet-cidr will be ignored.

Once configured, each exported Service and Pod that requires cross-cluster access is allocated an IP, named `globalIp`,
from this `GlobalCIDR` that is annotated on the Pod/Service object.

> This globalIp is used for allcross-cluster communication to and from a Pod and the globalIp of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This globalIp is used for all cross-cluster communication to and from a Pod and the globalIp of a
```

The IP Address Manager (IPAM) component does the following:

* Creates a pool of IP addresses based on the `GlobalCIDR` configured on cluster.
* On creation of a Pod, or export of a Service, allocates a globalIp from the GlobalIp pool.
* Annotates the Pod or exported Service with `submariner.io/globalIp=<global-ip>`.

> * On deletion of a Pod, Service or ServiceExport, releases its globalIp back to the pool.

Reviewer 2: Can you also update line 72 to include "Service or ServiceExport"

  on the Gateway Node.
* Whenever a Service is annotated with a globalIp, creates an ingress rule to direct all traffic destined to the Service's globalIp to the
  Service's `kube-proxy` iptables chain which in turn directs traffic to Service's backend Pods.

> * On deletion of Pod, Service or ServiceExport, clean up the rules from the gateway node.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Clean up the rules from the gateway node on the deletion of a Pod, Service, or ServiceExport.
```

Maybe? Also might want to do similar above to clarify the parallel sentence.
